Review Questions Part II

1. A

2. D
config file design enables you to define variants or multiple components and easily combine/recombine
A, B, C are fictitious structures
E: config file uses a text mode structure, not binary

3. C
vertical refresh range includes a max value
value may be reduced when the resolution and vertical refresh rate would demand a higher horizontal refresh rate than the monitor can handle

4. E
A: ServerLayout section combines all of the other options together but does not set the resolution
B: Modeline option in the Monitor section defines one possible resolution
    - may be several Modeline entries defining many resolutions
C: Modeline option in the Device section does not exist
D: There is not DefaultResolution section

5. B
- reduce admin cost of maintaining fonts on all systems

6. C, E
system startup script or by init (as specified in /etc/inittab)
A: Start folder is for Windows
B: ~/.xinitrc script is an X login script used when starting X from the cmd line via startx
    - not sued to start X automatically when the system boots
D: boot manager launches the kernel, does not directly start X

7. E guess
A: XDM does not offer many options on its main screen
B: Kernel does not directly handle the login process not does it pass options directly to XDM
C: xorg.conf file is real, however, this file provides no XDM config options because XDM is a seperate program from X
D: no standard xdmconfig program

8. C
9. A
10. A
- GNOME, KDE, and other user programs often override the keyboard repeat settings in the X config file
B: most Linux distros have abandoned XF86Config
C: pure fiction

11. C, E

12. B, C - INCORRECT B, E
- time zones are determined by the /etc/localtime file
    - replacing the file with a file from /usr/share/zoneinfo is correct
- may also need to edit /etc/timezone
E: tzselect will make these changes for you after prompting you for your location

A: hwclock program reads/writes data from the system's hardware clock
    - it relies on the time zone data but can't adjust the time zone itself
C: no standard /etc/tzconfig file, although the tzconfig program, like tzselect, can help set the time zone
D: /etc/localtime is in a binary format so don't edit with a text editor

13. D
- Linux maintains its time internally in UTC

14. C
- when set, the LC_ALL env variable adjusts all the locale (LC_*) variables
A: BIOS has no location code data
B: no standard /etc/locale.conf file
D: no standard locale_set utility
E: setting the time zone has no effect on text formatting options

15. A

16. E
can accept different file types (plain txt, PostScript, graphics, etc.) and print them correctly

17. B, D

18. C

19. B

20. B

